Add CI page (#25)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/02-system/01-nubots/03-continuous-integration.mdx

Buildkite has live-updating logs of each build, which you can use to monitor the build progress or troubleshoot errors when a build fails.

If for example your PR build fails due to formatting errors, you can check the logs to see which files are incorrectly formatted. To fix the build, you would reformat the offending files and push a new commit, which will trigger a rebuild.

To view the logs for a build, scroll to the build checks at the bottom of the PR page and click the **Details** link on the `buildkite/nubots/pr` check.

![Screenshot of the build checks section of the PR page, with arrow pointing to primary link](./images/ci-build-logs.png 'Link to the build details with logs')

## Setting up a new agent (Ubuntu)

The following instructions show how to setup and configure a new Buildkite agent with Docker and Docker Compose. These steps have been collected into a [single script you can download here](assets/ci_setup.sh). Before running the script, ensure you have set the Buildkite agent token and DockerHub password correctly in the env variables at the top of the script. Also, make sure to run the script with `sudo`.

<Alert type="warning">

> **Note:** the final step below, [Install Docker Compose](#install-docker-compose), is not in the script, and must be done manually in order to install the latest version.

Reviewer: Why not just put it in the script? I assume it can just be installed via pip to get the latest version

Reviewer 2: The instructions on the website have the latest version hard-coded in the install command. Didn't know it could be installed via pip: https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/#install-using-pip

sudo apt-key adv --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-keys 32A37959C2FA5C3C99EFBC32A79206696452D198

# Install Buildkite the agent
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y buildkite-agent

# Add the agent token to the configuration file.
# Replace INSERT-YOUR-AGENT-TOKEN-HERE with the token from Buildkite.
sudo sed -i "s/xxx/INSERT-YOUR-AGENT-TOKEN-HERE/g" /etc/buildkite-agent/buildkite-agent.cfg

# Start the agent and schedule it to run on system startup
sudo systemctl enable buildkite-agent && sudo systemctl start buildkite-agent
```

### Configure Docker

Steps from <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/>.

```bash
# Create a 'docker' user group and add local users to allow for use without sudo
sudo groupadd docker                     # Create user group
sudo usermod -aG docker nubots           # Add nubots to the group
sudo usermod -aG docker buildkite-agent  # Add buildkite-agent to the group
newgrp docker                            # Activate group changes

# Configure Docker to run on boot
sudo systemctl enable docker
```

### Add DockerHub Credentials to Buildkite

> For agents to push built `master` images to DockerHub, they need the service account login credentials. The username of this account is `nubotsdocker`, and is specified in the Buildkite [pipeline file](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/e7db7154a689ab076041375894b3baf1d53a2587/.buildkite/pipeline.yml#L11). The password needs to be made available to the agent when it runs, via the `DOCKER_LOGIN_PASSWORD` env variable.

Reviewer: You also need to add the details about the tag that the agent must have in order to even attempt to push

Reviewer 2: The `dockerhub=true` tag?

> One way to provide credentials to the agent via env variables is to use the agent hooks system. The default directory for agent hooks is `/etc/buildkite-agent/hooks`. The default path for the agent's configuration file is `/etc/buildkite-agent/buildkite-agent.cfg`.

Reviewer: Rather than `one way` I think it should just be
```suggestion
Credentials are provided to the agent via env variables from agent hooks system. Specifically via the environment hook. The default location for this hook is `/etc/buildkite-agent/hooks/environment`. The default path for the agent's configuration file is `/etc/buildkite-agent/buildkite-agent.cfg`.
```

### Install Docker

Steps from <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/>.

```bash
# Remove old Docker
sudo apt-get remove docker docker-engine docker.io containerd runc

# Install packages to allow apt to use a repository over HTTPS
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl gnupg-agent software-properties-common

# Add Docker’s official GPG key
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -

# Add Docker's stable repository
sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu bionic stable"
​
# Install latest Docker CE
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io
```

### Install Docker Compose

```bash
# Install Python 3 and pip
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install python3.6 python3-pip

# Install Docker Compose

> sudo pip3 install docker-compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo -H pip3 install docker-compose
```

---
section: System
chapter: NUbots
title: Continuous Integration System
description: The NUbots continuous integration system.
slug: /system/nubots/ci-system
---

## Continuous Integration

NUbots uses [Buildkite](buildkite.com) for its continuous integration pipeline. The Buildkite server will issue build jobs to one of our build clients (the Macs in the lab) as new jobs become available.

The build flow that the NUbots uses a pull request system.

1. Developers branch off of `master`, creating a new branch named `<last name>/<purpose of branch>`. For example

   ```sh
   git checkout -b biddulph/ball-detector
   ```

1. Once development on the branch is complete, the developer makes a pull request and a job is issued to a Buildkite client.

> 1. Each pull request must be reviewed by another member of the team and all build checks on the Buildkite client must pass before the pull request can be approved and merged into `master`.

Reviewer 2: Probably add something about:

- the types of checks ran (formatting checks, build for certain platforms)
- how to find the build errors when Buildkite fails, and how to fix them (make new commits)
